[20291] Gather-send implementation Docs (#724)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/xml_configuration/domainparticipant.rst

     - ``uint32_t``
     - 0
   * - ``<dynamic>``
     - Whether the number of send buffers is allowed to |br|
       grow. See :ref:`sendbuffersallocationattributes`.
     - ``bool``
     - false
   * - ``<network_buffers_config>``
     - Network buffer :ref:`CommonAlloc` to specify the |br|
       number of network buffers to be allocated for each |br|
       send buffer. See :ref:`ResourceLimitedContainerConfig`.
     - :ref:`CommonAlloc`
     - (16, inf, 16)

.. note::
    The default value ``0`` of ``<preallocated_number>`` will perform an initial guess of the number of buffers
    required, based on the number of threads from which a send operation could be started.
    So it does not mean there are no buffers, instead it would use the maximum amount of buffers available.
    On the contrary, ``<network_buffers_config>`` will default to an initial number of 16 buffers, with an infinite

>     maximum and an increment of 16 buffers per send buffer. Setting a value of ``0`` will prevent the creation of
>     network buffers. In case of doubt, leave it unset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    maximum and an increment of 16 buffers per send buffer.
    A value of ``0`` will imply more dynamic allocations, especially at the beginning of the execution.
    In case of doubt, it should be left to the default values.
```
